hey what's up this is al here and this
is going to be my first impressions of
the LG 43 ud 79 if I remember the model
number correctly just look up um 43 inch
LG monitor and it should come across
this a $700 monitor it's 4k has 4 HDMI
ports that come through the remote I
have it set up for my from my gaming
systems my my Xbox one acts excuse me s
I will have the X at some point the
PlayStation 4 Pro the gaming PC which
you can see on now and the Nintendo
switch right now it's on the game
increasing as you can see here it's full
HD 4k ooh let's go here settings you
might not be able to see it on the
monitor
but yeah it's at 380 380 400 by 220 160
it's at the scalings at 150 recommended
that seems to be perfect no image
retention no lag no flash light bleeding
in the corners nothing like that
I don't want to show too much here
because I don't want to risk copyright
strikes so we're happy but here's
YouTube just you know the YouTube
homepage and as you can see in dark mode
everything works fine people were
worried about oh it's too big and you'll
be moving your head around a lot from
this distance this is a 2-foot desk this
is the IKEA linman desk it's us 79 inch
desk and as you can see going here it's
configured it for an L l-shaped desk
works totally fine here it's not a pain
to use that all my eyes aren't strained
or anything it's not too big from this
distance about a foot away 2 feet away
the reason why I did this is because I
have with those of you watched my
channel I've been in search for a gaming
monitor PC for like two years now one
that can at least compete on an equal
level with my plasma and ultimately I
didn't want to get rid of my plasma
because it still offers the best blacks
- very very much more expensive OLED
OLED TV which you know starting prices
around 2 grand which I don't have
this was retail $700 this I wanted for
gaming I'll handle 4k gaming no problem
at 60 Hertz though it's not 120 144
hurts I don't think it has G sinking
whatever check go to LG and check just
to make sure before you you buy it and
keep in mind this is not a review this
is initial impression so you know
everything works fine here it has sound
it comes with this remote has a nice
volume I demonstrate but I want to I
don't have any music that's not
copyright material and I want to hit get
hit with a copyright strike but let's
this I don't think too much on my case
here you know it has built-in sounds
which is pretty good since it has bass I
haven't really tested it out yeah but it
sounds loud and clear enough to me for
now you know any more detail I'd use a
pair of headphones at this point here
like I said it has 4 HDMI ports to 4k 30
Hertz to 4k 60 Hertz if i cool correctly
I have the Nintendo switch the Xbox one
s then the PlayStation 4 Pro all set up
so we're gonna select over and just just
demo it over to the excuse me the
Nintendo switch and as you could see
here I don't want to put this on too
much and you Tendo there give me with a
copyright strike with SPC Mario Kart
loosely looking there you go you know
the image is crisp clear there's no
input lag
[Music]
I'm saying let's go over to the Xbox the
Xbox one as you see I got the Kinect set
up everything up there a little GTA
going on here play just Trevor for a bit
yeah it is entirely your fault as you
see I haven't set the game-mode
no no noticeable lag again it's only 60
Hertz it's not 120 I wouldn't use this
for competitive gaming shut up Trevor
well as you can see there will go over
to the PlayStation 4 Pro where we should
have Assassin's Creed Black Flag one of
my all-time favorite games as you can
see when I switch over to the input half
it tweets a bit it takes a bit for the
input to switch over but that's not at
all a major issue focus back on me start
again no real problems all this is
running at 4k I believe the Xbox 1s if I
recall correctly it's 1080p but it up
scales to 4k the Xbox one X which I do
plan on getting hopefully launched today
that will be native 4k if I remember
correctly it could be wrong there the
PlayStation 4 pro is running at 4k but
it's that checkerboarding 4k it looks
just as good to my eyes but as you can
see here that's my xbox excuse me my
playstation network name we'll start a
new game later but you know everything
works fine beautiful picture you can
customize it in the menus you can change
the settings I said you know the gaming
consoles I said to game mode obviously
because you want as
image processing is possible these
blacks are black I mean it's an LCD
you're not gonna get OLED level of
blacks on an LCD night it's just
different technology the input response
time is fine like I said it's 60 Hertz I
wouldn't use it for a multiplayer
competitive gaming like lead
professional gaming like that but for
casual gamers like me this is fine
moving the mouse and windows and like I
said using the computer basic stuff it's
fine and it's very immersive especially
at this distance but keep in mind though
this is a big desk this is a 2 foot wide
desk and it's also an 80 foot us 80 foot
yeah it's an 80 inch long desk so you
can see I got plenty of space here and
it sits nicely everything works fine
yeah make sure you have enough space if
you're tight on spaces you think of this
as a a TV putting a TV on a desk and and
this you know if you have a very small
best this is gonna eat up every bit of
retail you got well you know it has this
nice stand that's slightly elevated
enough where I can put the gaming
consoles under it without a feeling like
it's gonna get a scrape i'ma crush them
or whatever and like I said it's just so
far it's a joy to use I'll probably do a
review in about a week or two from now
and give you my final impressions but as
of right now I'm thinking it's a keeper
I'm strongly thinking is a keeper
especially at the price at $700
the only drawback I see so far is it
doesn't have HDR which is fine by me
might as you can see over there in the
corner I got the iPad pro the 2017 model
that has HDR for movies and HDR is nice
but I don't I didn't consider it a
necessity sometimes the HDR HDR looks
oversaturated or it just looks off to me
sometimes so I could do without for now
you know next year they put out am on
the same monitor with HDR I probably
consider upgrading but until then this
is fine for now anyhow this is al these
are my initial
first impressions of the LG 43 ud7 9 if
I remember that correctly just Google 43
LG 43 inch monitor and you should find
it retails for $700 I got off new egg
I'm sure Amazon's gonna have more we can
go to their site and there's plenty of
places that sell it's been selling out a
lot because it's getting pretty good
reviews this is al thanks for watching
and I will catch you guys later peace